we realize we had a lot of problems in
the way we play like an international
tournament doing em say and we are
trying to make referrals kind of like an
international tournament where we can
work on these issues before worlds
what's the first day of wrist rivals I'm
joined right now by caps with coverage
presented by Omni slash talked a little
bit about fanatics time in North America
and their first win of the event so what
just happened a few moments ago we just
be deca folks so what what happened to
that game they went from the Gulf oh no
strategy and you know the monster ad
carry and hooni ranked and so it was a
bit of a crazy game but we ended up
beating them especially like vomiting it
wasn't saying yeah I got glasses for you
by the way cuz it's really bright out
here so I had my assistant bring glasses
yeah what it was kind of like the EU
heimerdinger versus the NA funnel I
guess yeah I mean we hadn't practice
that much Simon yeah but we have tried a
bit and it looked really strong so we
went for it and they just took over the
game how are you enjoying your time in
North America so far because you guys
got in on like Sunday I think you came
in a few days ago I'm not sure when but
it's been really nice
there also is nice and you were spending
the most time most of our time at the
studio and it's like really huge how we
like the fact that we can get like
smoothies I think we have grown like
multiple times a day and and they're
like the little boxes with like berries
that's studio here how does the studio
here compare to the EU one so obviously
like we don't have like stuff like this
movie thing and so lettuce but also just
the fact that it's like a bit bit bigger
than the new studio and the thing with
an EU we move around a lot like which
room we have depends on percents and
timing well na you just have one room
which is kinda nice yeah I have like
kind of a dedicated set up what do you
think use chances are here at rift
rivals I'll say that good
obviously it's 5050 wins now that's two
teams are two regions but now with a big
echo fox I'm confident I think we were a
bit afraid about the echovox match
because as we could see it was like
really crazy game and and going up
against steel and
under FISA I hope we can make it a bit
clean in the game because they probably
won't play as crazy so if you had to
guess I'm very curious cuz obviously
it's about you verse na but where do you
think the best teams ranked right cuz
because maybe our first-place team is
better than your third-place team or
vice versa where do you where would you
rank all the different teams I mean I
think it's hard especially like someone
like echo fox because they're so
inconsistent like sometimes they're you
know that the best and sometimes they're
yeah can you give me the top three teams
yeah I can try to do that I think I mean
obviously I'm gonna put fnatic first and
then I think I'll put g2 and seem like
I'm not exactly sure what order I think
I'm gonna go G to second and see Alfred
okay damn so you guys have the two best
teams here according to you what do you
like rift rivals or what do you think of
this event because technically there's
nothing on the line it kind of is this
big interruption the middle the else yes
but I also know that it seems like
people seem to be enjoying themselves
yeah I mean it we're definitely time to
make the best of it and that's like a
lot of upsides and downsides in that
sense I think that's one side we have is
that we realize we had a lot of problems
in the way we play like an international
tournament during MSI and we are trying
to make referrals kind of like an
international tournament but we can work
on these issues before worlds so it's
nice that you can play against like na
teams and as I said you know the studio
is really nice and stuff like this I
think the biggest downside though is
that it's like a long flight and it's a
lot lots of travel and there's a lot of
like days where we but we don't get to
play because either we fly or we're
traveling and stuff like this so in that
sense we get don't get to play as much
League which might be a problem when we
return to EU LCS because then we have to
fly back and get used to EU so that's
the only the problem I have but it's
definitely like oh wow like in the
bigger picture I think it's a good
experience do you think do you think
rift rivals will make the 3 EU teams a
stronger European teams because of the
time they spent here or a weaker because
of the time spent off I think they'll be
I think it's a kind of where thing where
you take one step back because we have
to get used to things when we get back
into you but once we like maybe it's a
few weeks the first couple of weeks we
get back we probably gonna be a bit
weaker but then
we're gonna have like the experience
from revivals and especially heading
into worlds we're gonna have some of the
the things we worked on here really come
in handy are you guys screaming just the
other EU teams are you able to scream
another North American teams we already
screaming any teams right now oh really
okay cool so the I assume presumably the
teams that aren't here you're not
scrubbing any of the rift rivals teams
well we did scream we did scream
someone's it seems from here and we're
screaming we just can't screaming like
everyone yeah is that nice three you is
it fun to play against all these other
na teams and screams yeah it's
definitely fun I mean it's always fun to
play like new teams obviously there's
some players you're really looking
forward to that some players that I
really like that's a lot of hype around
like Unni you know it's hard to play
someone like them and and yeah yeah when
you play them you just feel excited I
have heard that any screams are just a
shit show because there's everybody's
trying all this weird stuff the meta you
just have games where like they just go
one way do you feel like the screams
here are productive I mean I don't think
I mean I don't think it's any only thing
I think it's everyone's just kind of
trying things so I wouldn't say it's
like two different that seem to play go
funnel that seem that don't play some
people seems played carry stuff like
this but it's all the same in EU you
know even the number ones like mysteries
G 2 or M 1 and G 2 is only playing like
Heimerdinger & Co fun so so people
definitely trying weird things all Sony
you and it's just it's just it's just
fun to see like what what they have
weird thing is did you get a catch a
chance to catch all the fireworks last
night I do not think so I mean I
remember that much outside I can say but
I think when I we were traveling back
and English in there was a uber yeah we
we saw some fireworks and I've been
scared but it was like 10 minutes so
yeah it's a holiday here I don't know
yeah yeah I know we made some some good
pictures you know okay good good break
it is there anything that you want to
say to any of the fans out there I'm
gonna say thank you all for supporting
me especially like there's a lot support
doing outside and you guys have been
supported now that we're begging you
we have had a little bit of a slow start
but I believe that we can we can turn it
around and come back so thank you guys
well thank you so much for the interview
for everyone else you can check out the
rest of my coverage of all things
eSports right here on my youtube channel
I want to thank only slash so much for
the support of my content they are on
right now a train that you could be on
and that's the Travis trained to get on
that train subscribe to the YouTube
channel hit up my twitch we're stopping
at all the different stops alright this
is a train and it's going what's going
far so get on the train and ride it ride
that Travis train